- [Instructor] So let us take a look at the demo now.
The first thing that we have to do is create
an adapter class which will implement
the JsonbAdapter interface.
And that's called a couple of methods
that we spoke about in the previous video.
So let's head back to the IDE.
And under the custom folder,
I'm going to create a class.
And let's call it CustomerAdapter
because that's the one I was trying to talk about.
The use cases and the customer object that I have,
I need to send out only two fields
as a part of serialization then, the serialization.
So I'm going to write an adapter for that.
And what do you do on this?
You say implement JSONbAdapter.
That's the one.
So the JSONbAdapter is going to ask you
for two arguments in the javax syntax.
One is the original object which is the customer,
then the adapted object that you actually want
as a part of your requirement.
So the original object is the customer,
so let's import that, com.app.beans.
And the next one is, of course, going to be the JSON object.
So what we do is we take the customer object,
and we convert it into a JSON object
and then that's serialized.
So I'm going to take that import from javax.json.
So it'll give you access to those JSONP APIs.
We know that JSON binding uses JSONP internally.
Okay, so once we do this, let's implement
the abstract methods.
Right, so now you have two methods.
Let's understand and observe what they do for us.
adaptToJson, which takes a parameter
of the original customer object.
So I'm going to take this object, the original object,
and then I'm going to do whatever I want on it
which is the customization that I want to do
which could then have been met by the annotations
or the JSONB config customizations, right?
So I'm going to write down the logic
for the specific serialization that I want to do,
and then I'll convert it into a JSON object.
Then it will get serialized.
The process the other way around will be
I will have an input parameter as the JSON object,
and then I'll get that converted to the customer object
which is going to suit the needs of my application.
Okay, so let's go ahead and now write in the logic
for the customer adapter.
So let's go there, and let's get rid
of the default implementation.
We don't want this.
Now inside this, the first thing that I'm going to do
is I'm going to create an instance of that JSONB object.
Let that be ready with me.
Let that be null initially.
And let's also do one more thing.
I'm not too happy with the kind of names
that have been given to the generated parameters,
so I'll label this as customer.
Now that looks a little comfortable, looks a little better.
Okay, so now what I'm going to do is
I am going to say on line 23 that if the customer object
dot IsPrimeUser is true.
So if the customer is prime user,
then I'm going to send out information like this.
I'm going to say the jsonObject that I created before,
I'm going to build a JSON object on my own right now
with only two fields from the customer bin,
the PrimeUser and the CustomerID.
Okay, in order to do that, I'll have to get hold
of that JSON class that we have
which is coming from the javax.json package.
And on that, I'm going to say, createObjectBuilder().
To this, I will say add two fields.
I want customerID, and I want the prime user field.
So the first one will be, let me label this customerID,
and the value will, of course, be customer.getCustomerID.
So that's the first field that I want to have
as a part of my serialization.
The other field that I want to have is,
I'm going to add another field,
and that field is isPrimeUser.
Okay, and this time, I don't want to pass
the value as true.
I want to pass a value which says
that yes, it is a PrimeUser.
I want to do something of this sort.
Okay, and once this is done, then I can finally call
the build API.
So what I'm doing is, this is my original object.
From there, I'm trying to check whether it is a prime user.
If it is a prime user, then I am going to serialize
this object with only two fields which is one,
customerID, second, the PrimeUser.
Moreover, I can also write my custom logic
so that I change the values of the fields.
So when I send out this information of customerID
and isPrimeUser, I do not want to say
PrimerUser is true or false
because the other system does not expect it
to be like that.
It expects a string.
It could either be a regular user
or it could be a prime user.
So I don't want to send out true or false values
in the serialized product.
I want to actually send out strings like that,
PRIME_USER or REGULAR_USER.
So let's also put an else statement on line 28.
We're just going to copy this line 26
and go on line 29, paste it, and instead
of PRIME_USER, we say this is a REGULAR_USER.
Okay, once all of this is done, let's just return
that jsonObject back from this method.
Alright, so there were two purposes of this use case.
One is I wanted to serialize an object
with only two fields: the customerID
and the PrimeUser field.
Second purpose was, I did not want
to send true or false in case of the PrimeUser field.
I wanted to send out information like this,
whether it's a PRIME_USER or a REGULAR_USER in uppercases.
So we have returned the logic for the adaptToJson
which is going to be called as a part
of the serialization of customer object
to a JSON representation.
In the next video, we'll also give an implementation
to the other way around.
When you have a JSON representation,
how do we convert it back to the customer object.
We'll see that in the next video.